Address asciidoctor-dita-vale issues in Administering Satellite (part 2) (#4527)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_examples-of-organization-management-in-project.adoc

[id="examples-of-using-organizations-in-{project-context}_{context}"]
= Examples of using organizations in {Project}

> [role="_abstract"]

Author: This abstract is new.

> You can use organizations to structure your content and system administration based on your business needs, whether you run a small business, a large company with multiple business units, or manage systems for external customers.

Reviewer: I suggest to reword system > host ~~and business > organization~~ (weird is a module about organizations)

```suggestion
You can use organizations to structure your content and host management based on your business needs, whether you run a small business, a large company with multiple business units, or manage hosts for external customers.
```
